ENGDOCS-1802b (#18621)
docker/docs: content/faq/security/networking-and-vms.md

---

> description: Find the answers to common security related FAQs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Find the answers to FAQs related to networking and virtualization
```

keywords: Docker, Docker Hub, Docker Desktop secuirty FAQs, secuirty, platform, networks, vms
title: Network and VM FAQs
---

### How can I limit the type of internet access allowed by the container when it runs, to prevent it from being able to exfiltrate data or download malicious code? 

There is no built-in mechanism for that but it can be addressed by process-level firewall on the host. Hook into the `com.docker.vpnkit`` user-space process and apply rules where it can connect to (DNS URL white list; packet/payload filter) and which ports/protocols it is allowed to use.

### Can I prevent users binding ports on 0.0.0.0? 

There is no direct way to enforce that through Docker Desktop but it would inherit any firewall rules enforced on the host.

### What options exist to lock containerized network settings to a system? If not supported, are there any consequences to manipulating the settings? 

The Docker network settings are entirely local within the VM and have no effect on the system.

> ### Can I apply rules on container network traffic (via local firewall/vpnclient)? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I apply rules on container network traffic via a local firewall or VPN client?
```
